chore: release 3.11.0 (#11620)
apache/apisix: CHANGELOG.md

- [0.7.0](#070)
- [0.6.0](#060)

## 3.11.0

### Plugins

- allow configuring keepalive_timeout [#11611](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/11611)

> - jwt-auth plugin no longer requires a private_key to be uploaded. [#11597](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/11597)

Reviewer: Should move to under a subtitle `Change` like https://github.com/apache/apisix/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#change-2

- add plugin attach-consmer-label [#11604](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/11604)
- implement consumer credential [#11601](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/11601)

> - rewrite hmac-auth plugin for usability [#11581](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/11581)

Reviewer: ditto

Author: fixed.

- [0.7.0](#070)
- [0.6.0](#060)

## 3.11.0

### Change

> - jwt-auth plugin no longer requires a private_key to be uploaded. [#11597](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/11597)

Reviewer 2: Should this be 

```suggestion
- remove JWT signing endpoint and no longer require a private key to be uploaded in the jwt-auth plugin . [#11597](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/11597)
```

?

Author: done

- rewrite hmac-auth plugin for usability [#11581](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/11581)

### Plugins

- allow configuring keepalive_timeout [#11611](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/11611)

> - add plugin attach-consmer-label [#11604](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/11604)

Reviewer 2: Where is the preceding PR that adds the "additional headers"?

<img width="919" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/44c14b55-fa7a-486f-b51d-4f489483a825">

Author: here: https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/11601

and I have mentioned that in the changelog here:
https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/11620/files#diff-06572a96a58dc510037d5efa622f9bec8519bc1beab13c9f251e97e657a9d4edR106

- implement consumer credential [#11601](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/11601)
- ai-proxy plugin [#11499](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/11499)
- ai-prompt-decorator plugin [#11515](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/11515)
- ai-prompt-template plugin [#11517](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/11517)
- support aws secret manager [#11417](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/11417)

### Bugfixes

- Fix: adjust the position of enums in pb_option_def [#11448](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/11448)
- Fix: encryption/decryption for non-auth plugins in consumer [#11600](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/11600)
- Fix: confusion when substituting ENV in config file [#11545](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/11545)

### Core

> - support gcp secret manager [#11436](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/11436)

Reviewer 2: Why aren't these two in the same category?

<img width="901" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/62ee8305-efc9-4f9a-8a45-fbf0571889c0">

Author: fixed.

> - implement consumer credential [#11601](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/11601)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- add consumer credential object and include `X-Consumer-Username`, `X-Credential-Identifier`, and `X-Consumer-Custom-ID` headers in requests to upstream services [#11601](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/11601)
```

Author: updated it with
```
- add credential resource and include `X-Consumer-Username`, `X-Credential-Identifier`, and `X-Consumer-Custom-ID` headers in requests to upstream services [#11601](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/11601)
```
